It's spring, so I thought I could get away
with no jacket for a smoke run,
but it still gets
pretty chilly at night, huh?
I'll have a smoke somewhere
before I go home.
Yamada-chan, I'll take over.
Cheers.
He didn't show up tonight.
Overtime? Is he stuck
at work until morning?
Oh, and one more thing.
Yes?
The manager wants to speak
with you before you leave.
Tayama-san, good ev—
Yikes.
Hey, if it ain't Sasaki-san.
Hey.
Don't just stand there. Come take a seat.
Thanks.
Tayama-san, did something—
Were you off work today?
Huh?
Oh, yeah, for once.
That response just screams sweatshop.
Glad you got a day off.
Aren't you gonna smoke?
It's cold out, so I'm getting a drink.
Join me.
When you're feeling down,
a hot drink helps more than
cigarettes and alcohol, you know?
I got a complaint
for the first time in ages.
"I've always thought
her customer service was flawless,
but I smelled cigarette smoke
on her today. I expected better."
The boss told me not to take it to heart,
'cuz it's just unreasonable whining.
But when this crap happens,
everything starts to feel so stupid.
That's sad.
I don't get feeling betrayed by somebody
as soon as you see a new side to them.
They're both the same person, you know?
Oh, but I'm not one to talk.
I don't even know what section you work.
S-Sorry, I stepped out dressed
too lightly, and I keep sneezing.
Tayama-san? What are you doing?!
You can borrow that for tonight.
It's warm. Thank you, Tayama-san.
No, thank you.
Also, I'm sorry, but I have to say this.
I don't drink coffee.
You look surprised.
That's not why.
I actually don't drink it either.
Let's just get another drink, huh?
Big Bad Bull for me, then.
Lovely weather today.
Nothing feels better
than the warm sunlight in spring.
It warms the tired cockles
of my heart and soul.
Especially after a client chewed me out.
I need to get back to work.
Guess I'll buy some lunch
at Super S on the way back.
Tayama-san probably works
the night shift, right?
I doubt she'd be here right now...
Tayama-san...
What?!
Y-Y-Yamada-san?!
Hello!
Wh-What are you doing here?
Wait, you work during the day, too?
Sasaki-san, calm down, will you?
Oh, s-sorry about that.
I mostly do night shifts,
but I'm filling in for someone today.
And I'm here because...
Calm down... Calm down.
It's the only spot here
with a vending machine.
Oh, is that so.
Did you get off work early?
No, I was on my way back,
but if Tayama-san was here,
I thought I could join her for a smoke.
Urk!
Sorry, Yamada-san,
I know I shouldn't be here!
I'm just taking advantage of
Tayama-san's gracious offer!
She didn't do anything wrong!
So, uh...
It's all right, Sasaki-san.
I knew that already.
Tayama-chan told me.
Oh, she did?
You two must be good friends.
Sa-slow-ki.
Huh?
Yes, we're very close!
I knew it.
You must have a lot in common.
You're both very attentive and thoughtful.
Oh, right. Uh, Yamada-san?
Yes?
Uh...
Is Tayama-san doing okay?
She is, why?
Is this about the complaint?
Yeah. She told me a little about it.
I was worried if she'd be okay.
She's fine.
I was worried, too,
but you know what she said?
That she forgot all about it after
eating some ramen and going to sleep.
Is that so? Glad to hear it.
I hope you'll let her vent to you again.
Oh, but...
If she's already put it behind her,
I don't think I should bring it up again.
It doesn't have to be
about this particular matter.
I'll let her know that you were
concerned about her.
What? A-Are you sure?
Wouldn't I be overstepping?
Overstepping? When she was
the one who came to you about it?
It's a bit late for that now.
Oh, true.
By the way, Yamada-san.
Thank you for the other day.
I heard from Tayama-san.
She told me you were worried
I seemed down in the dumps.
I never got the chance to thank you, as
I didn't want to bother you while working.
Oh, that's fine.
Work had me down, so I really appreciated
having someone look out for me.
I'm glad. As long as
I wasn't overstepping...
Wait, overstepping?
I suppose it's a bit late for that, too.
That would be the natural conclusion.
Oh, I'm sorry for keeping you.
Not at all.
I've been wanting to speak with you like
Tayama-chan, so I'm glad I got the chance.
She's not here right now,
but feel free to have a smoke.
Thank you.
Actually, I'll refrain today.
I wouldn't want to get
the smell of smoke on you.
Sorry to take up your valuable break time.
See you.
Sasaki-san.
Yes?
You've had a petal
in your hair this whole time.
What? The whole time?
Yeah.
A geezer with a flower...
It was so cute,
I couldn't bring myself to tell you.
Sorry about that.
No, uh, thank you.
I didn't expect that from Yamada-san.
She's got a playful side, too, huh?
Sasaki-san's so dense,
it's almost funny.